What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Git creates a .git folder in the directory but doesn't create a commit.
You need to do it to be able to save commits and be able to access them
when debugging.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
 What value do you think it offers?
The staging area takes files from the working directory and puts them into the
repository. It is Git's way of creating a single commit from the files while
still giving you the power to choose which files go into a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Before you commit, you can use "git diff --staged" to see the difference
between your last commit and what you are about to commit (which is in the 
staging area).

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
 history organized? How would branches help?
If you want to have 2 working versions of your program, you can create 
branches. For example, if you want to work on an experimental version of your 
game, but want to still have the current working one still work, you can 
use "git branch exp" to create a branch called exp, which will allow you to 
work on that branch without changing the master branch (after you checkout 
to exp using "git checkout exp").

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They help you see what changes came at what time so you can trace through.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
 it in the diagram the way we do?
It adds the edits of two different files together. when a conflict is discovered, 
you have to manually use the editor to tell Git what you want it to be. 
We represent it the way we do because the final commit is a combination of both
branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros: Sometimes the changes don't affect each other, so automatic merging is fine.
Cons: Sometimes, the changes do affect each other, so doing it manually would be safer.

