When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When you're working from multiple computers or have a friend collaborating on the same
project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
 automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You may be working on your repository, then someone else works on the remote.
If Git automatically syncs your local with the remote, you may not know it, or 
you it may interfere with what you're working on.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.
 When would you use one instead of another?
Clones are copies of a repository from online (or offline) to your local machine. 
Forks are clones From one repository on GitHub to another repository on GitHub. 
Branches are paths of commits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
You know the commit you last pulled from GitHub. It is possible that other people updated 
the online repository while you worked on yours locally, so they'd be different, and Git
needs a way to track when your guys' branches diverged.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
 and what would be harder?
Use Google Drive to simulate GitHub's makeup with a master branch that will always work
and experimental branches that need to be looked at before being merged. It would be harder
to find differences between the files if I weren't using Git or GitHub. It would be easier
for people to start using if they are unfamiliar with Git or GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?
 What benefits does each approach have?
You want to make changes in a separate branch to allow people to review your code in a pull 
request before approving it and merging it into master. This allows people to know that master
has been changed because otherwise they could pull master without knowing,
which might cause some problems. The benefit to updating master directly is that it takes a lot
less work.